Update the documentation to reflect reality (#46)
eclipsesource/emf-cloud-website: content/documentation/gettingStarted/content.md

  sticky = true
+++

# Getting Started

> Welcome to EMF Cloud. Our framework provides two distinct approaches to best accommodate your project's needs. Choose the demo that aligns with your requirements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EMF Cloud provides two approaches to best accommodate your project's needs. Choose the path that aligns best with your requirements.
```

## Model Hub Approach

Designed for projects that require robust, command-based model management with features like undo/redo, versioning, and persistence. This approach is best suited for users who need a tightly controlled model manipulation environment.

→ Explore the [Model Hub Demo](https://github.com/eclipse-emfcloud/modelhub/tree/main/examples/theia) for a practical example.

## Langium-Based DSL Approach

> Tailored for projects that benefit from advanced textual DSL support with integrated Language Server Protocol (LSP) features. This approach excels in delivering a rich editing experience with enhanced language tooling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tailored for projects that benefit from advanced textual DSL support with integrated Language Server Protocol (LSP) features, scaleable cross-reference and workspace indexing support. This approach excels in delivering a modeling solution for large interconnected models that are spread across many files, with full control over the underlying textual format.
```

→ Check out the [CrossModel Demo](https://github.com/CrossBreezeNL/crossmodel) to see this approach in action.

---

> For a detailed comparison of the two approaches and guidance on when to use which, please refer to our [EMF Cloud Approaches Documentation](../coffeeEditorNg/content.md).

Reviewer: This link is broken, but as mentioned before, I think it'd be better to move up the "Modeling Tool Approaches" page and directly link from there... maybe integrating this getting started page into the tool approaches directly.

> For a detailed comparison of the two approaches and guidance on when to use which, please refer to our [EMF Cloud Approaches Documentation](../approaches).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For a detailed comparison of the two approaches and guidance on when to use which, please refer to our [EMF Cloud Approaches Documentation](../approaches#summary-of-approaches).
```
